# Database retrievers


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/d3group/inventory_foundation-sdk/blob/main/inventory_foundation_sdk/db_retrievers.py#L22"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### get_company_id

>  get_company_id (company_name:str, credentials_con:str)

\*Function to get the company_id from the company_name

Args: company_name (str): The company name credentials_con (str): The
credentials connection string\*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/d3group/inventory_foundation-sdk/blob/main/inventory_foundation_sdk/db_retrievers.py#L55"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### get_date_id

>  get_date_id (date:str, credentials_con:str)

\*Function to get the date_id from a date

Args: date (str): A date credentials_con (str): The credentials
connection string\*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/d3group/inventory_foundation-sdk/blob/main/inventory_foundation_sdk/db_retrievers.py#L89"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### get_norm_param

>  get_norm_param (table_name:str, key_columns:list, key_values:list,
>                      normalization_type:str, credentials:str,
>                      additional_columns:list=None)

\*Retrieves normalization parameters from a database table.

Args: table_name (str): The name of the table containing normalization
parameters. key_columns (list): List of column names used as keys for
filtering the data. key_values (list): List of values corresponding to
the key columns. normalization_type (str): Type of normalization
(‘standardize’ or ‘scale’). credentials (str): Database connection
string. additional_columns (list, optional): Additional columns to
include in the result.

Returns: dict: A dictionary containing the normalization parameters (and
additional columns if specified).

Raises: ValueError: If the normalization type is not recognized.
psycopg2.DatabaseError: If there is a database error during execution.\*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

<a
href="https://github.com/d3group/inventory_foundation-sdk/blob/main/inventory_foundation_sdk/db_retrievers.py#L178"
target="_blank" style="float:right; font-size:smaller">source</a>

### get_norm_param_by_company

>  get_norm_param_by_company (table_name:str, key_columns:list,
>                                 key_values:list, normalization_type:str,
>                                 credentials:str, company_filter:List[int],
>                                 additional_columns:list=None)

\*Retrieves normalization parameters filtered by company IDs from a
database table.

Args: table_name (str): The name of the table containing normalization
parameters. key_columns (list): List of column names used as keys for
filtering the data. key_values (list): List of values corresponding to
the key columns. normalization_type (str): Type of normalization
(‘standardize’ or ‘scale’). credentials (str): Database connection
string. company_filter (list\[int\]): List of company IDs to filter the
SKUs. additional_columns (list, optional): Additional columns to include
in the result.

Returns: dict: A dictionary containing the normalization parameters (and
additional columns if specified).

Raises: ValueError: If the normalization type is not recognized or
required columns are missing. psycopg2.DatabaseError: If there is a
database error during execution.\*
